what up peeps so I'm in the midst of all
the cooking right now my family should
be over shortly and you guys know how
the cats always love to sit on top of
the counter well I'm cooking something
right now the smell is going up and nyla
is just passed out smelling it right
above me it's so cute
the Gina has been slaving all day over
the kitchen she made Alison here's this
is what she made with all the help of me
I did not help at all
it's made from bang stuff in the head
sausage in it sourdough breads she made
big turkey that week light weight who
ate it
wait who ate it like my dad cut off the
meat from it oh yeah and I made a
special recipe that I used to ask for
every single birthday of - my mom's
recipe and I loved it
where's it Jason asked for it - and I
never do all right look I'm explain I
never made this in my life so I don't
know if it's gonna be something you look
like what your mom made it
similar but her sees hers was just like
fluffy like I don't know
Oh No well taste what happens we're
celebrating
who me birthday just says give me
I made the carrot souffle that was like
my favorite recipe of my mom's when I
was a kid nice to ask for every single
birthday she would make a special dinner
and I always would say I want carrot
souffle and I haven't had it in years
and I made it tonight for the very first
time it's good but it wasn't it's not
exactly the same I have to figure out
how to like souffle so it rises up and
it's fluffy
solving but mine didn't really rise that
much so I don't know Mona Ramsey what
about I'm not sure how to do that but
it's not bad so we're here feastin got
old foods and it's fun with the family
we're celebrating Christmas a couple
days later coz Jason just got here
dresses doing the dishes loving the
gloves girl power but I was like a baby
I had hardly any hair so they always
used to put the Christmas rose on my
head so you could tell that I'm a girl
Jason just put one on my head
oh that's right he lost his voice so if
he sounds a little funny that's why we
always saved the best for last right
everyone save the best fresh would be
save the left for list that's for you
that's the best reaction oh yes I'm
Jacky he loves me not your favorite
color yes these are the retro wanted oh
and then he always puts everything on
he's wearing like all his new stuff he's
like I gotta get one walk in them right
now he's like puttin them on I love it
it's got the best reaction the opening
gifts he always dead brother wants to
destroy the gingerbread house
so I guess we're gonna taste that oh my
god uh-huh wait give me this piece this
piece is good I shouldn't be this has
been sitting out for like couple days
like so it's pale but when I made it it
smells so good oh ah is it really that
bad oh you're acting like how can we
give you the dog biscuit where's my
dress like uh-huh gonna go mr. and mrs.
Claus mr. and mrs. Claus bamboos got his
tie on Miss kiss and his wife mrs. Claus
I'm just kidding you guys are so cute I
think neither really wants to get away
but she just can't move right now she's
stuck yeah all right now Ella
okay so now that the festivities had
calmed down people went home I'm going
to demonstrate Jason how to bust an
apple open with your head
we'll see both we probably will not I
tried this once before peeps I wasn't
able to do it but you could split it in
half with your head you got to really
commit though so this is one be tough
wait you're gonna bang your head on the
table yeah oh my thing what do you think
about that hope I think he's gonna be
hurt go with your finger it damaged
goods
yeah live in your face baby I just
let's do this you did Fitness before and
you got hurt no no I didn't just succeed
you got it hey hey oh no Jesse what if
you slam your head I worked up to it
there's not to it dear I can't believe
it is red look like I told you kids I
could do it yeah we took little baby
it's what I needed to do it once flat
you want to try Bobby you got a big head
you probably do it Oh I Jason wants to
eat a banana just a trick to eatin to
peeling bananas you think you pull right
here actually you do it from this end
and it's better to kill sorry oh oh
that's how the gorillas do it in a while
is that weird
I didn't think I never need new bed
there is this time travel hey can you
repeat this before this new kind of
chocolate from Australia smell it why is
it smell so bad chicks and smell bitch
you guys like smelly good kids it losing
see what I eat some yeah come on bump
bump bump bump boy boy
let's go boom boom oh you're sleeping
under the tree loss sleepy kitty huh
we're gonna go to bed so Gina's uh
brother and Nefer here so we're gonna do
some fun things with damn what are we
doing tomorrow I don't know it's a
surprise
something fun I'm gonna would a park
would apart see if he's from Philly says
water park that's how we get down go
perfect Oakland but anything for wallet
what yeah he's a joke
Wow I'll run son blah blah run son do
you guys like when we go to Wawa he
wants to go he wants to do a wild walk
around that that's how you know he's
related to Jeana
he's ready to do a while won't run son
right now so I want to know what the
dope fresh nation did for their holidays
let me know did you spend it with family
did you go on a vacation did you do
nothing I don't know let me know in the
comments I'm curious to see what you
guys were up to and we'll see them also
peace on the streets son because you're
only
look the difference you want to go push
it down